GENERAL

Area is a place where players come to do exp, eq or/and questpoints. It
is a serie of _interesting_ rooms and in the rooms there are objects,
monsters or/and persons (NPC).

ROOMS

Every room should have a meaning. It can be
1) "middleroom" develops the general feeling of the area and prepares
players for the outcoming rooms. There shouldn't be anything complicated
in the descs. You may put expmonsters in these rooms.. (see 'MONSTERS')

2) "corner room" has something strange in it. It can be hidden in the desc
or it can be a special monster (see 'MONSTERS'). The rooms might have
secret passages or so which lead into a secret place that you can't enter
anywhere else and where is an eq monster. Do not use too much of these
secred passages, nor put too many monsters in them. 

3) "eventroom" is a place where something special happens. It might be
some "questroom" (where the monster is). The desc doesn't have to be
long, but _UNIQUE_

All the descs should be _good_ english (not like this text). If your english
is weak, please do not try to make anything too complicated, because if
the mortals do not understand what you'r trying to say, the area isn't
working anymore. The length of long desc varies from 2 to 5 (depends of
the importance of the room). DO NOT PUT MONSTER DESCS IN ROOM DESCS!
It looks stupid.. "There is a guard in the right corner of the room" and
someone has killed the guard, fun eh? and try to avoid "There is.." if
it is possible.. don't start every phrase with it.
The descs of the rooms should not tell the players what they don't know, for
ex. what kind of monsters there are in the area. Do not spoil the athmosphere
by telling the players everything in the first room.. players enjoy more
exploring the area, for example they get to know the monsters when
they arrive in the room where the monsters are! You may have some clues in
the descs, so players can draw some conclusions, YOU are not supposed
to make any conclusions in the descs.

Writing descs is actually easy. Just close your eyes and try to imagine
you are in that room, and write about what you see, smell and hear.

MONSTERS

There are 2 types of monsters; monsters and persons (NPC).
Same rules about descs.

 monsters,

monsters are so called EXPMONSTERS. They do not usually cast spells 
(of course there are exceptions). The alignment is quite small (-20 - +20)
monsters can't be humans, because every human is different.

 persons,

You should be able to communicate with persons. They give you quests
to solve. Persons aren't supposed to be killed for exp. If you kill a
person, there should be some effects.. some other persons might attack
you or something similiar. Persons also have eqs (misc shit) and 
almost every EQMONSTER should be a person. They are also able to cast
spells. The alignment is between -200 and +200, which means they are
important.

 monster descs

There shouldn't be any personal name in the monster descs, because the
players don't know it. They should only describe how the person/monster
looks like. Ofcourse you may use race names, because it is supposed that
every player knows the basic races (You may choose not the mention even
the race name and let the players understand it themselves from the descs,
but then you have to talk with the gods about the exact physical
appearance of the race). Personal names can and should be available at
some chat the monster says, for example Man says 'Hello, my name is Onarion' :)
This means you can't put set_name("[personal name]"), but set it as alias
instead.

OBJECTS AND EQS (STUFF)

Stuff is divided into 2 parts - EQ and general shit. General shit is
something you can sell in stored and get some money for it. EQS are
much better than general shit (stats). Players want it and it is
harder to get than general shit. EQ descs should give a mystical
feeling.

 -Original text by Onarion (AREA_OHJEET), translated to english by Siki.

