Quest dragonists guild idea.

Tasks:

Guild creation:Garath
Guild Quest:Walla


Guild creation:


Guild Quest:

In order to gain access to the Dragonists guild, an extensive
and very difficult task must be performed. 

--lore--

Nowadays dragons are bedtime stories, told to small children
in order to sleep better at night. But long ago, dragons were
a powerful and very real presence on the continent of Deleria.

In days of yore, some people were given power, not to control,
but to communicate and befriend these fierce and noble 
creatures. An old legend speaks of a powerful artifact, 
dismantled and sent to all corners of the realm for safekeeping,
for such was the power of this artifact, that with it, one would
gain access to the most holy inner sanctum, the legendary hall
of the dragons, where mastery over these magnificent animals. 

But eons have passed since the artifact has last been seen, and
there remains no one in this world who now remembers it. Tales
are told of how the artifact looks, but no tale even closely resembles
the next one, and with the legend becoming a myth, the artifact has
passed out of all knowledge. 

--end lore--

--artifact--
The Artifact: A Small jade statue of a dragon

Piece 1: a shard of jade in the shape of a camel's head <pulsating yellow>
Piece 2: a shard of jade in the shape of a snake's neck <pulsating red>
Piece 3: a shard of jade in the shape of a fish's scale <pulsating blue>
Piece 4: a shard of jade in the shape of a fish's scale <pulsating green>
Piece 5: a shard of jade in the shape of a fish's scale <pulsating red>
Piece 6: a shard of jade in the shape of an eagle's claw <pulsating white> 
Piece 7: a shard of jade in the shape of a tiger's paw <pulsating red>
Piece 8: a shard of jade in the shape of an ox's ear <pulsating red>
Piece 9: a shard of jade in the shape of deer horns <pulsating white>
Piece 10: a shard of jade in the shape of a scorpion's stinger <pulsating green>

--end artifact--

--quest--
The ten pieces are hidden in the following fashion:'

5 pieces are embedded in the outworld or in areas around the continent.

The five chosen for this are: 

the fish-scale shards, the deer horns, and the eagles claw.

One fish-scale shard can well be embedded in a wall somewhere.
Another fish-scale can be found as a pavement-stone.
The third fish-scale is located in 
The deer horns can be found in some hut (rutger's hut) as an ornament on the wall
The eagles claws are in the city, where sinrad is

The five remainding shards are scattered around the continent with monsters
who randomly drop them...


After the 10 shards are gathered, they must be brought to a specific altar,
that has a hole in it, in the shape of a dragon. After placing the statue
in the hole, the mountainside rumbles, and a door appears. 

However, it can not be opened, until two levers are pulled, simultaneously, 
at two locations on opposite ends of the realm. (+-5 seconds) but not enough
time for a player to macro-run the locations. The pulling player must also be
of a certain worth (1x rebirth) in order to control the awesome responsibility
of pulling the lever and letting some in on the secrets of the dragonists guild.
This check is performed in order to prevent possible abuse.

One lever is at a location in mountains. To get to this platform, one must scale
the mountain with the help of ropes. 

The other lever is at some sort of machinery room. If none exists, it must
be created. The catch at this location is as follows:

There are several levers in the room, and only one, a random lever will
be the right one. Once pulled, the lever cannot be repulled during that
reboot. If the wrong lever is pulled, a monster of wild ferocity appears
and attempts to kill both the pulling players as well as the player by
the door. 

Once the right levers are pulled, the door opens for a certain amount of
time, during which the "door-player" must enter the grotto, and enter
the temple.

Inside the temple, the player must then sacrifice his soul at another 
altar. This causes death, but as a reward, the player may now enter a
new location where the actual guild is. (Walla's mountaintop temple?)

--end quest--



