	      -=[ Psionicists ]=-

WARNING: My english aint perfect and the messages
         of the psiguildmambojambo aint ready. So
         typoes and misspellings are guaranteed.

Main idea of this guild is "fast-exp newbieguild"
and thats the reason the betatesters are newbies.
This file is ment to be somekind of a general info-file
because there are no helps written yet.

First of all you are betatesters. You may gain some
information that normal mortal should not know. If
you heard that kind of information, keep it on yourself,
do NOT SPREAD any information about the guild to the
others. You can talk about this guild only with other
betatesters and wizards.

Every guild has some "special"-thingie and in this
guild its called "psi-combat." As a member of
this guild you will have an opportunity to train
skill called "mental strike." This skill allows you
to accomplish psionic attack againts your foe at
the beginning of every round and the success of
the attack depends from the skill "mental strike."
Of course there are some affecting skills, but
as a newbie you should tap this guild as fast as
possible(its cheap.)

Mental strike does not cause any physical harm at
the start of the fight. It attacks against the mental
state of your foe shaking it and draining it. When
the foe is mentally exhausted (You will get somekind
of message from this) You will have a chance to do
the "final"-attack against the foe. in most cases this
final-attack attacks against the foe's mind ripping
it in parts and stunning it completetly. When the
foe is stunned, you will gain some advantages into
your attacks, if you manage to exhaust your foe again
you will have a great change to rip your foe's BRAINS
apart killing him instantly! You might be able to rip
your foe's brains apart even when he is exhausted but
not stunned.

Other special thing of this guild is that every mental
attack is a skill that drains you mental energy (SP)
instead of your endurance(EP).

Again im telling stories. Because there are no descriptions
yet from the skills, here is a brief descprition from every
skill:

Usable skills
	
Charm:  	You are able to charm your
		foe, making it friendly to you for awhile.

Confuse:	Confuses the victim forcing him to
        	to go nuts and attack against everybody.
        
Iron will:	You can harden your mental state
		preventing you to get stunned.
		
Mental balance: You can transfer youe EPs to SPs

Mental drain:	You can drain your foe's mental energy
		and transfer it to you.

Mental denial:  Forces the monsters to deny your presence giving
		you an opportunity to surprise them.

Mental Expansion: Expands your mental state making you more
		endurant.

Mental scan:	Gives you some information about your foe

Mental view:	You can look through someones eyes.

Shake mind:	You can shake your foe's mind stunning him for
		a short time.
		
Knowledge of mind: This skill affects in every other skill of the guild (cant be used)

Mental strike:	This skill is needed to perform the psionic-attack.
	Affecting skills:
	mental force:
		Helps you to complete the attack.
	overload brain
		You can do more damage.
  	simultaneous thought
  		Helps you to hit your foe.
	evading thought
		Helps you to evade the psionic attack (You dont need this.)
	mental block
		Helps you to resist the psionic attack (You dont need this.)
		
	Special:
	Mental disturp;
		Helps you to disturp your foe's concentration forcing him to
		stop the skill or spellcasting.

	
During this (hopefully short) betatest-period I will ask some
questions and you must answer to them as well as possible. 

IF you find a bug, report it to me via the 'bug' command,
the mudmail (go to post-office.) or tell it to me(if im in)

IF you find out a way to abuse this guild, report it to me
right away and of course do not abuse that thing you find.

IF you reinc, the only way to get back into that guild is
through me. So i ask you to reinc only when im in.

You should also tell me all the typoes / misspellings you
can find.

You will get the guilditem and with that item is possible
to teleport into the guild directly. It will automatically
load when you log-in but also automatically destroyed when
you reinc (after that you will not get it back.) The orb
has two commands 'psiscan' and 'psiguild'

I wish you luck and happy exping.

// Astarel