 The guilds of Deleria

The guilds are complex structures divided in several sub guilds,
containing more than a hundred levels per guild in total. Guild
members are taught in the chosen guild, when they are starting
their level advancing processes or learning about some skill.


        The base guilds are:

- Fighter       All kinds of warriors from barbarians to rangers
                and defenders train in the facilities of this
                guild. All kind of activity involved with fighting
                is the area of the fighters' guild. This guild
                is suited for all players.

- Cleric        Every priest and cleric in Deleria have got their
                training in temples of different gods. This guild
                teaches all kinds of knowledge of divine spells.
                The cleric guild is suited for lowbies and midbies.

- Mage          All essence casters come from this guild. The mage
                guild teaches its apprentices to control different
                forms of elements, which exist in nature. Master
                mages have knowledge of many unnatural and concealed
                skills and spells. The mage guild is recommended for
                highbies.

- Necromancer   Not much is known about the ones that study dark magics.
                Necromancers use their powers to raise the dead and
                use the raised spirits to achieve their own dark needs.
                This guild is suited for lowbies and midbies.

- Psionic       Psionic guild consentrates themself to the mental combat
                and developing their mind power. This guild is best
                suitable for newbies.

- Martial       The guild was founded not long ago, when a man called
  artist        Rhee Ki Haa started to teach his vision and understanding
                of the body and mind. This guild is based on inflicting
                hand-to-hand damage in combat.


A player can also receive teaching from another player (help teaching).

See also 'multiguilds'.
