RULES FOR WIZARDS TO OBEY AND FOLLOW IN QUESTMUD
Last update 10.04.2004

§1. A wizard is supposed to code.

Coding is wizard's main purpose. The coding is not obligatory or forced,
but the admins retain the right to remove any wizard who hasn't shown
any signs of usefulness towards the mud.

§1.1 Code must be plain, simple and clean.

Dozens of people take part in coding a project known as QuestMud. This
is why the code must be written so that anybody can read it. New wizards
should learn the rules of decent coding as soon as possible. Any code
that is outside the wizards' own directory must meet the appropriate
requirements.

§1.2 Code must be commented

No external documentary files are required, but the code must contain
comments so that it's key function is easily comprehended by any wizard.

§1.3 Code must contain the author's name

It is obligatory that the coder writes his name in the file he has made
or his name and the current date above the line that he modifies in a
ready file. Example:

// Halved the damage done by skill. 09.04.04 Celtron

§1.4 Code must be approved by higher wizards

Adept wizards are allowed to put code which is located in their home
directory in play. Wizards that have rank below Adept are required to
get an approval for all of their code (areas for example). Adept wizards
must get an approval for any of their code that is outside their home
directory by an Arch or an Elder. Some Adepts are given the right to
approve areas of lower wizards.

All big projects (like new guilds or daemons) must be approved by
Celtron, first at the planning stage and again in the testing stage.

In any case, the code must meet the requirements stated in §1.1-§1.3.

§2. Dealing with mortals is not required.

A wizard is not supposed to have any mortal friends. The mortals cannot
benefit in any way by knowing the wizard and vice verca. Wizards that
have rank below Adept Wizard are not allowed to have any contact with
mortals other than non-mud-related chatting.

§2.1 Reimbursements are not given lightly.

Only Adept Wizards and above are allowed to reimburse lost items for
a player. Much consideration is needed here, since the mortals might
not be telling the truth. Adept Wizards must consult an Arch Wizard
or Elder before reimbursing anything.
NOTE: The only good reason for reimbursement is a bug or crash.

§2.2 It is wizard's duty to prevent any illegal action.

Any wizard that notices action performed by players or wizards is
required to report it to wizard channels. Adept Wizards and above
have the right to banish a player who is cheating.


Rules written 09.04.2004 by
//Celtron

